+++
title = "Franmis José Rodríguez Jiménez"
roles = ["Researcher"]
# photo = "/img/people/juan-perez.jpg"
# ¡Añade el ORCID iD aquí!
# orcid = "0000-0002-1825-0097"
+++

Doctorate in Education from the Universidad Internacional Iberoamericana (UNIB), Puerto Rico. Master's in the Didactics of Mathematics from the Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo (UASD), Dominican Republic. Specialization in Physics from UASD. Bachelor's Degree in Education with a major in Mathematics (Magna Cum Laude) from UASD. Since 2007, he has been an undergraduate professor for courses in Basic, General, and Experimental Physics in the Faculty of Sciences. At the postgraduate level, he is a professor of subjects related to Research Methodology and Thesis Seminar. He has 21 years of teaching experience at the pre-university level and several years as an assistant in the administration of standardized tests at the secondary level in the Dominican Republic (National Tests). He has several scientific publications in indexed journals of Education and Technology. Coordinator of the update for the book "Basic Physics: Concepts and Applications," used at UASD. Speaker at national and international scientific congresses and conferences on Education, Educational Innovation, and the Teaching of Mathematics and Physics. He is a member of the National Career of Researchers in Science, Technology, and Innovation of the Dominican Republic.

### Profile

Franmis José Rodríguez Jiménez holds a Doctorate in Education from the Universidad Internacional Iberoamericana (UNIB), Puerto Rico. Master's in the Didactics of Mathematics from the Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo (UASD), Dominican Republic. Specialization in Physics from UASD. Bachelor's Degree in Education with a major in Mathematics (Magna Cum Laude) from UASD. Since 2007, he has been an undergraduate professor for courses in Basic, General, and Experimental Physics in the Faculty of Sciences. At the postgraduate level, he is a professor of subjects related to Research Methodology and Thesis Seminar. He has 21 years of teaching experience at the pre-university level and several years as an assistant in the administration of standardized tests at the secondary level in the Dominican Republic (National Tests). He has published several scientific articles in indexed journals on Education, Technology, and Science Education. He participated as the coordinator for the update of the book "Basic Physics: Concepts and Applications," used at UASD. He has participated on multiple occasions as a speaker at national and international scientific congresses and conferences on Education, Educational Innovation, and the Teaching of Mathematics and Physics. He is a member of the National Career of Researchers in Science, Technology, and Innovation of the Dominican Republic.
